JARVIS 0.2.8 - Windows

1. Extract the whole ZIP, then open JARVIS.exe in the extracted folder.
   Keep the _internal folder beside the executable.

2. If setup is required, open Settings, enter a Groq and/or Gemini API key,
   click SAVE API KEYS, then close and reopen JARVIS.
   A Groq key enables chat, speech recognition, and fast screen reading.
   Gemini provides additional reasoning, screen fallback, and browser tools.
   Keys entered in Settings are encrypted for your Windows account.

3. Type a message, or hold the mic button while talking and release to send.
   SCREEN reads the visible desktop. STOP or Escape interrupts a reply.
   Screen capture requires an unlocked Windows desktop. Keep the target
   window visible. Windows may block protected content.

4. Press Ctrl+Alt+J to switch to the compact circular reactor or restore
   the full HUD. Click the orb center to reopen JARVIS; drag its outer ring
   to move it. Ctrl+Alt+D toggles optional full click-through mode. If you
   enable click-through, press Ctrl+Alt+D again or Ctrl+Alt+J to reopen.
   Ctrl+Alt+R reads the screen; Ctrl+Alt+X stops a reply.
   Hold Ctrl+Shift+J to speak from any app (customize in Settings).

Internet is required for AI responses and speech recognition. If online
speech output retries the same selected voice when interrupted. If that
voice remains unavailable, the response continues in text without switching
to a different voice. Source URLs stay in chat and are never spoken.
Formatting-only chunks are skipped, and isolated synthesis failures no longer
silence the remaining response. Ryan retries up to four times without changing
voice. Longer replies use fewer, smoother synthesis requests.

Preferences and logs are stored in %LOCALAPPDATA%\JARVIS.
Calendar and Gmail require separate Google OAuth setup; see README.md.
Conversation history saves automatically and is restored on restart.
Relevant earlier user statements are recalled across conversations.
Explicit "remember that..." requests receive priority in later context.
Clear saved conversations in Settings when needed. Optional pinned facts
use a separate memory store that is disabled by default.

Live web answers include source links. If reliable evidence cannot be
retrieved, JARVIS says so instead of guessing.

Daily debrief also recognizes speech variants such as "daily de brief".
It uses direct publisher feeds first and Google News only as a dated fallback.
PDFs in approved Desktop, Documents, and Downloads folders can be read when
you explicitly ask for their contents. Paths remain visible in chat but are
not spoken aloud.

To generate a troubleshooting report, run from a terminal:
  .\JARVIS.exe --diagnose report.json
Add --online to test the AI providers using a generated test image.
Diagnostics never upload your desktop.

DAILY DEBRIEF
Ask "Give me my daily debrief" for freshly retrieved publisher headlines.
Only reports published within the past 24 hours are included. Each headline
links to its source and shows its publication time. Unavailable categories
are identified; old news and model-generated claims are not substituted.
